chore(docs): Fix docs starting with n (#19065)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/docs/node-interface.md

...other fields specific to this type of node
```

> ## Node Types

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Node attributes
```

### `mediaType`

> Optional [media type](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Media_type) to notify the transformer plugins this node has data they can further process.

Reviewer: Unsure if this is necessary

### `type`

A globally unique node type chosen by the plugin owner.

### `owner`

The plugin which created this node. Gatsby adds this field itself (not the plugin).

### `fieldOwners`

Stores which plugins created which fields. Gatsby adds this field itself (not the plugin).

### `content`

Optional field exposing the raw content for this node that transformer plugins can take and further process.

## Source plugins

> `Source` plugins adds new nodes to Gatbsy. A common one that many Gatsby

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Source plugins add new nodes to Gatsby. A common one that many Gatsby
```
